Python PH July 2013 Meetup: A Hackathon for Creative Pythonistas

This hackathon is aimed for intermediate and expert programmers. Beginners can also join but they will act as judge (and executioner).

Participating Pythonistas should be at the venue by 9AM and Beginners (who will judge the players) must be at the venue by 4PM.

---

So, after 3 straight meetups aimed at beginners, the Philippines Python User Group is proud to announce a meetup that non-beginners can enjoy.

This hackathon will start at 9AM and will end at 5PM, an eight hour session of coding amongst like-minded Pythonistas. Anyone can join and groupings are encouraged. You can group with your friends or you can make a group at the event.

The hackathon has the following rules:

1. Your group will be given a list of words.
2. Select 3 words.
3. Make an application that is described by 3 words.
4. Be creative!
5. At the deadline, players will give a presentation and will be judged.
6. Be creative with your presentation. Wow the judges.
7. ???
8. Profit

---

### Why should you join?

- As a non-beginner, you should join so that you can put your skills to the test. You can push yourself into becoming a better coder. In addition, you will be surrounded by other programmers. You can learn a lot if you are in the same room as like-minded Pythonistas.
- As a beginner, this is your chance to see how programmers work. In addition, you can get a chance to learn what it takes to be a Pythonista.

### Is there free drinks?

- Yes. The coffee, tea and water are free-flowing.

### Is there free lunch?

- Yes, but only for those who arrived early. The earlier you are, the better chance you have in getting free lunch.

### What will we use for coding?

- This is a BYOC (Bring Your Own Computer) event. But if you don't have a computer, we will see if we can accommodate you.

### Is this really an 8 hour coding session?

- Yes, but we're sure you'll going to use up 2 hours in planning, 2 hour in coding, and 5 hours talking with awesome Pythonistas.

### Will programming in this hackathon be hard?

- No. This hackathon is designed so you can code a solution in less than 2 hours. Trying to think of a solution, on the other hand, depends entirely on how creative you are.

### I heard there will be lions.

- Yes.

---
<!-- posted: 1374543640 -->
